all recipes members Sabrina T tells us
this recipe for spaghetti carbonara is a
super rich classic bacon and egg
spaghetti dish great to serve for
company this recipe also makes an
unusual brunch offering let's start by
cooking the pasta bring a large pot of
salted water to a boil
and add in one pound of spaghetti cook
the spaghetti until al dente which is
Italian for slightly underdone it'll
finish its cooking in the sauce later on
drain the pasta and toss it well with
one generous tablespoon of olive oil and
set aside
now dice eat slices of uncooked bacon
then in a large skillet cook the bacon
until it's slightly crisp remove the
bacon from the pan and drain it on paper
towels reserving two tablespoons of the
bacon fat in your skillet
now let's chop 1 medium onion then mince
1 large clove of garlic now we'll add 1
tbsp of olive oil to the skillet with
the reserved bacon fat in it add the
chopped onion and cook until the onion
is translucent add the minced garlic and
cook it over low heat for another minute
at this point you can add an optional
quarter cup of dry white wine if you
like
next Pete for eggs and set them aside
now add the poop spaghetti to the
skillet tossing it well to coat it
if the spaghetti seems dry add in extra
olive oil until the consistency is right
still over medium heat pour the beaten
eggs over the spaghetti and toss it
constantly with tongs until the eggs are
barely set add the bacon bits back in
now quickly add half a cup of Parmesan
cheese and toss everything again
add salt and pepper to taste and you're
ready to serve if you remember that
bacon and Parmesan cheese are already
salty you won't make the mistake of over
salting serve it immediately with an
extra sprinkle of parmesan and some
chopped parsley spaghetti carbonara is
great for dinner terrific for brunch and
a rich and satisfying pasta dish that's
sure to please